The Mundana Jekyll Theme is a free, Medium-styled theme designed for Jekyll, a static site generator. It's particularly well-suited for personal blogs and portfolios, making it a solid choice for showcasing your game design projects.

Key Features of Mundana:

    Responsive Design: Ensures your site looks great on all devices.
    Bootstrap 4 Integration: Built with the latest version of Bootstrap for modern design elements.
    SEO Optimization: Structured to enhance search engine visibility.
    Disqus Comments Integration: Facilitates reader engagement through comments.
    Google Analytics Support: Allows you to track visitor interactions.
    Social Sharing Features: Enables easy sharing of your content across platforms.

Setting Up Mundana on GitHub Pages:

    Fork the Repository: Click the "Fork" button on the Mundana GitHub page to create a copy under your GitHub account.

    Clone the Repository Locally: Use the following command, replacing YOUR-USERNAME with your GitHub username:

git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/mundana-theme-jekyll.git

Navigate to the Project Directory:

cd mundana-theme-jekyll

Install Dependencies: Ensure you have Ruby and Bundler installed. Then, run:

bundle install

Configure the Site: Edit the _config.yml file to personalize your site's settings, such as title, description, and social media links.

Run the Site Locally: Preview your site with:

    bundle exec jekyll serve

    Access it at http://localhost:4000.

    Deploy to GitHub Pages: Push your changes to your GitHub repository. In the repository settings, navigate to the "Pages" section and set the source to the master or main branch.

    Connect Your Custom Domain: In the "Pages" settings, specify your custom domain. Ensure your domain's DNS settings have a CNAME record pointing to YOUR-USERNAME.github.io.

Additional Resources:

    Live Demo: Experience the theme in action here.
    Detailed Documentation: For more comprehensive instructions, refer to the official documentation.

By following these steps, you can effectively set up a professional-looking website to display your game design portfolio using the Mundana Jekyll Theme on GitHub Pages.
